Modify S1117: Migrate To LayC - shadow variables (#3270)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1117/swift/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

Shadowing occurs when a local variable has the same name as a variable, field, or `enum case` in an outer scope.

include::../problems.adoc[]

> To avoid these problems, rename the shadowing, shadowed, or both variables/fields/``enum case``s to accurately represent their purpose with unique and meaningful names.

Author: I agree the current wording isn't great. From a grammar point of view, "shadowing" and "shadowed" are synonyms so I need to put a noun somewhere. Maybe this is better?
```suggestion
To avoid these problems, rename the shadowing, shadowed, or both identifiers to accurately represent their purpose with unique and meaningful names.
```

> To avoid these problems, rename the shadowing, shadowed, or both variables/fields/``enum case``s to accurately represent their purpose with unique and meaningful names.

Reviewer: Works for me.
